Seo fixes (#2264)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: sdk/connect/javascript-web3auth.md

> # Connect to MetaMask using Web3Auth SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connect to MetaMask using Embedded Wallets
```

> Get started with MetaMask SDK and [Web3Auth SDK](https://docs.metamask.io/embedded-wallets/),
> enabling users to sign in with an email or social media account.
> You can use MetaMask SDK features directly within Web3Auth SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get started with MetaMask SDK and [MetaMask Embedded Wallets (previously Web3Auth)](/embedded-wallets),
enabling users to sign in with an email or social media account.
You can use MetaMask SDK features directly within Embedded Wallets.
```

- A package manager installed.
  The examples in this quickstart use [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation).
- [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) installed in your browser or on mobile.

> - A [Web3Auth Client ID](https://docs.metamask.io/embedded-wallets/dashboard/#get-the-client-id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Web3Auth Client ID](/embedded-wallets/dashboard/#get-the-client-id).
```

   npx @consensys/create-web3-app <project-name>
   ```

1. Select the Web3Auth Quickstart template:

   ```bash
   ? Please select the template you want to use:
     MetaMask <-> Next.js (Wagmi) Quickstart (Recommended)
   ❯ MetaMask <-> Web3Auth Quickstart
     MetaMask <-> Dynamic Quickstart
   ```

1. Select your preferred blockchain tooling if your project requires it:

   ```bash
   ? Would you like to include blockchain tooling? (Use arrow keys)
     HardHat
     Foundry
   ❯ None
   ```

1. Select your preferred package manager.
   We recommend pnpm for speed and efficiency:

   ```bash
   ? Please select the package manager you want to use:
     Yarn
     NPM
   ❯ pnpm
   ```

1. Select to enter your Web3Auth Client ID in the command prompt:

   ```bash
   Note: The selected template requires a Web3Auth client ID.
   You can obtain one from https://dashboard.web3auth.io and later
   add NEXT_PUBLIC_WEB3AUTH_CLIENT_ID=<your_client_id> to a .env file in your site's directory.
   ```

1. The CLI will take a few minutes to set up your project.
   Once complete, you can run the project using the following command in `cd <project-name>`:

   ```bash
   pnpm run dev
   ```

> You've successfully set up MetaMask SDK and Web3Auth SDK.
> See how to [use the Web3Auth SDK](#usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've successfully set up MetaMask SDK and MetaMask Embedded Wallets.
See how to [use Embedded Wallets](#usage).
```

1. Download the [MetaMask SDK + Web3Auth SDK template](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-web3auth):

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-web3auth
   ```

2. Navigate into the repository:

   ```bash
   cd metamask-web3auth
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

4. Create a `.env.local` file:

   ```bash
   touch .env.local
   ```

5. In `.env.local`, add a `NEXT_PUBLIC_WEB3AUTH_CLIENT_ID` environment variable, replacing `<YOUR-CLIENT-ID>` with your Web3Auth Client ID:

   ```text title=".env.local"
   NEXT_PUBLIC_WEB3AUTH_CLIENT_ID=<YOUR-CLIENT-ID>
   ```

6. Run the project:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

> You've successfully set up MetaMask SDK and Web3Auth SDK.
> See how to [use the Web3Auth SDK](#usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've successfully set up MetaMask SDK and MetaMask Embedded Wallets.
See how to [use Embedded Wallets](#usage).
```
